OSDOCS-1623 Support for AWS C2S secret region (#28367)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-config-yaml.adoc

ifdef::private[]
<12> How to publish the user-facing endpoints of your cluster. Set `publish` to `Internal` to deploy a private cluster, which cannot be accessed from the Internet. The default value is `External`.
endif::private[]
ifdef::gov[]

> <13> The custom CA certificate. This is required when deploying to the AWS C2S Secret Region, since the AWS API requires a custom CA trust bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<13> The custom CA certificate. This value is required when deploying to the AWS C2S Secret Region because the AWS API requires a custom CA trust bundle.
```
